README.md, before:

# MangaLineExtraction_PyTorch
The (Official) PyTorch Implementation of the paper ["Deep Extraction of Manga Structural Lines"](https://www.cse.cuhk.edu.hk/~ttwong/papers/linelearn/linelearn.html)

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ljsabc/MangaLineExtraction_PyTorch/blob/main/MangaLineExtraction.ipynb)

![teaser](./assets/teaser.png)


### Usage 

    model_torch.py [source folder] [output folder]

Example:

    model_torch.py ./pytorchTestCases/ ./pytorchResults/
    
### The model weights (erika.pth)

Please refer to the **[release](https://github.com/ljsabc/MangaLineExtraction_PyTorch/releases)** section of this repo. Alternatively, you may use this link:

    https://www.dropbox.com/s/y8pulix3zs73y62/erika.pth?dl=0
    
### Requirement

  +  Python3
  +  PyTorch (tested on version 1.9)
  +  Python-opencv

### How the model is prepared

The PyTorch weights are exactly the same as the theano(!) model. I make some efforts to convert the original weights to the new model and ensure the overall error is less than 1e-3 over the image range from 0-255. 

Moreover, the functional PyTorch interface allows easier fine-tuning of this model. You can also take the whole model as a sub-module for your own work (e.g., use the on-the-fly extraction of lines as a structural constraint).

### About model training

I really don't want to admit it, but the legacy code looks like some artworks by a two-years old. I will try my best to recover the code to py3 and share the screentone dataset. This won't take long, so please stay tuned. 

### Go beyond manga

Surprisingly, this model works quite well on color cartoons and other nijigen-like images, as long as they have clear hand-drawn lines. Simply load the image as grayscale(by default) and check out the results!

![color comic processing](./assets/color.png)

### Gallery

I'm glad to share some model results. Some of the images are copyrighted and I will list the original source below. Feel free to share your creaions with me in the issues section.

![](./assets/gallery1.png)
[©IWAYUU](http://iwayu2.blog.fc2.com/blog-entry-9.html), from the fc2 blog.

![](./assets/gallery2.png)

### BibTeX:

    @article{li-2017-deep,
        author   = {Chengze Li and Xueting Liu and Tien-Tsin Wong},
        title    = {Deep Extraction of Manga Structural Lines},
        journal  = {ACM Transactions on Graphics (SIGGRAPH 2017 issue)},
        month    = {July},
        year     = {2017},
        volume   = {36},
        number   = {4},
        pages    = {117:1--117:12},
    }

### Credit:

+ Xueting Liu and Tien-Tsin Wong, who contributed this work
+ Wenliang Wu and Ziheng Ma, who inspired me to port this great thing to PyTorch
+ Toda Erika, where the project name comes from

Commit message:

Added a visual comparison to the readme

README.md, after:

# MangaLineExtraction_PyTorch
The (Official) PyTorch Implementation of the paper ["Deep Extraction of Manga Structural Lines"](https://www.cse.cuhk.edu.hk/~ttwong/papers/linelearn/linelearn.html)

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ljsabc/MangaLineExtraction_PyTorch/blob/main/MangaLineExtraction.ipynb)

![teaser](./assets/teaser.png)


### Usage 

    model_torch.py [source folder] [output folder]

Example:

    model_torch.py ./pytorchTestCases/ ./pytorchResults/
    
### The model weights (erika.pth)

Please refer to the **[release](https://github.com/ljsabc/MangaLineExtraction_PyTorch/releases)** section of this repo. Alternatively, you may use this link:

    https://www.dropbox.com/s/y8pulix3zs73y62/erika.pth?dl=0
    
### Requirement

  +  Python3
  +  PyTorch (tested on version 1.9)
  +  Python-opencv

### How the model is prepared

The PyTorch weights are exactly the same as the theano(!) model. I make some efforts to convert the original weights to the new model and ensure the overall error is less than 1e-3 over the image range from 0-255. 

Moreover, the functional PyTorch interface allows easier fine-tuning of this model. You can also take the whole model as a sub-module for your own work (e.g., use the on-the-fly extraction of lines as a structural constraint).

### About model training

I really don't want to admit it, but the legacy code looks like some artworks by a two-years old. I will try my best to recover the code to py3 and share the screentone dataset. This won't take long, so please stay tuned. 

### Go beyond manga

Surprisingly, this model works quite well on color cartoons and other nijigen-like images, as long as they have clear hand-drawn lines. Simply load the image as grayscale(by default) and check out the results!

![Visual comparison](./assets/comparison.png)
From left to right: input, [sketchKeras](https://github.com/lllyasviel/sketchKeras), [Anime2Sketch](https://github.com/Mukosame/Anime2Sketch) (considered as SOTA), Ours.

### Gallery

I'm glad to share some model results. Some of the images are copyrighted and I will list the original source below. Feel free to share your creaions with me in the issues section.

![](./assets/gallery1.png)
[©IWAYUU](http://iwayu2.blog.fc2.com/blog-entry-9.html), from the fc2 blog.

![](./assets/gallery2.png)

### BibTeX:

    @article{li-2017-deep,
        author   = {Chengze Li and Xueting Liu and Tien-Tsin Wong},
        title    = {Deep Extraction of Manga Structural Lines},
        journal  = {ACM Transactions on Graphics (SIGGRAPH 2017 issue)},
        month    = {July},
        year     = {2017},
        volume   = {36},
        number   = {4},
        pages    = {117:1--117:12},
    }

### Credit:

+ Xueting Liu and Tien-Tsin Wong, who contributed this work
+ Wenliang Wu and Ziheng Ma, who inspired me to port this great thing to PyTorch
+ Toda Erika, where the project name comes from
